Doc updates for updated PowerShell module (#267)
microsoft/winget-cli-restsource: Tools/PowershellModule/doc/README.md

# Create a Windows Package Manager REST source

This section provides guidance on how to create a REST source for the Windows Package Manager. ISVs or Publishers may host and manage a REST source if they would like full control of the packages available in a source. An independently hosted source may choose to expose the read endpoints publicly, restrict access to specific IP address via the addition of a traffic shaping module or restrict access by Microsoft Entra Id authentication.  The basic setups configured by the cmdlets and examples result in a source that is publicly readable but requires an authorization key to manage. 

Windows Package Manager offers a comprehensive package manager solution including a command line tool and a set of services for installing applications. For more general package submission information, see [submit packages to Windows Package Manager](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/package/).

> The recommended way for standing up and managing Windows Package Manager REST source is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way for creating and managing Windows Package Manager REST source is:
```
